---
id: 1
title: AstronEra Privacy Policy
published:
updated:
---

## Introduction

Welcome to AstronEra, your premier online portal for all things astronomy. This Privacy Policy is
designed to inform you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal
information we receive from users of the app. By accessing or using AstronEra, you agree to the
collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

## Information Collection and Use

### Account Creation and Profile Management

- **Email and Password**: For users who choose to sign up via Email & Password, we collect email
  addresses and encrypted passwords.
- **Social Logins (LinkedIn and Twitter OAuth)**: For users opting for social logins, we may receive
  your email address, name, and profile picture from these services. Please review their privacy
  policies for more details on the information shared with us.
- **Profile Information**: Users can provide additional information for profile customization, such
  as username, preferences, and interests related to astronomy.
- **Notification Settings**: Users can opt-in to receive notifications via email or push
  notifications on their devices. Preferences can be managed within the app settings.

### Usage Data

We collect data on how the application is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This includes your
device's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, our app pages
that you visit, time and date of your visit, time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers,
and other diagnostic data.

### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on our service and store
information such as user session details to detect when users return and show they are logged in.
Our use of cookies also includes analytics to improve our products, as detailed in our Cookies
Policy.

## Information Storage

We utilize Supabase for secure storage of user data. By creating an account and using our Service,
you consent to the storage of your personal and usage data on Supabase, which is subject to their
terms and privacy policy.

## User-Generated Content and AI Summaries

Users may post content on the Service, which we may moderate for compliance with our policies.
Additionally, some content on our Service, including summaries, is generated using artificial
intelligence (e.g., ChatGPT). While we strive for accuracy, we cannot guarantee the reliability of
AI-generated content.

## Information Sharing and Disclosure

We may share your information with third-party service providers for services such as database
management, analytics, and email distribution. These third parties are obligated not to disclose or
use your information for any other purpose.

## Third-Party Websites

Our service may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy
practices of these external sites. We encourage you to review their privacy policies.

## Security

We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, though we
cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to update our Privacy Policy and will notify users of any changes. Review this
policy periodically for updates.

## Contact Us

For questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
